doc: add backticks around data type names in prose (#5195)
oneapi-src/oneDNN: doc/graph/programming_model/low_precision.md

Low Precision {#dev_guide_graph_low_precision}
==============================================

oneDNN Graph provides low precision support with `int8` (signed/unsigned 8-bit
integer), `bf16` and `f16` data types. oneDNN Graph API expects the computation
graph is converted to low precision representation, the data's precision and
quantization parameters are specified explicitly. oneDNN Graph API
implementation will strictly respect the numeric precision of the computation.

@anchor dev_guide_graph_int8_quantization_model

> ## int8

Reviewer: That's a title, let's keep it consistent with the next one.

```suggestion
## INT8
```

- [Quantize](@ref dev_guide_op_quantize)

Dequantize operation takes integer tensor with its associated scale and zero
point and returns `f32` tensor. Quantize operation takes `f32` tensor, scale, zero
point, and returns integer tensor. The scale and zero point are single dimension
tensors, which could contain one value for the per-tensor quantization case or
multiple values for the per-channel quantization case. The integer tensor could

> be represented in unsigned `int8` or signed `int8` data type. Zero point could be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be represented in `u8` or `s8` data type. Zero point could be
```
